# Section: menu
menu.border.width:                      15
menu.border.color:                      #282c37
menu.separator.color:                   #282c37
menu.*.bg:                              flat
menu.*.bg.color:                        #282c37
menu.*.text.color:                      #9baec8
menu.*.text.justify:                    center
menu.*.disabled.text.color:             #282c37
menu.*.active.text.color:               #282c37
menu.*.active.bg.color:                 #5a74ca

# Section: osd
osd.border.width:                       0
osd.border.color:                       #282c37
osd.bg:                                 flat
osd.bg.color:                           #282c37
osd.label.bg:                           flat solid
osd.label.bg.color:                     #282c37
osd.label.text.color:                   #9baec8
osd.highlight.bg:                       flat solid
osd.highlight.bg.color:                 #282c37
osd.unhighlight.bg:                     flat
osd.unhighlight.bg.color:               #282c37
osd.button.unpressed.bg:                flat
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color:          #282c37
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color:    #282c37
osd.button.pressed.bg:                  flat
osd.button.pressed.bg.color:            #282c37
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color:      #282c37
osd.button.focused.bg:                  flat
osd.button.focused.bg.color:            #282c37
osd.button.focused.*.border.color:      #282c37
osd.button.focused.box.color:           #282c37

### WINDOW

border.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 0
padding.width: 10
padding.height:6
window.active.border.color: #EFEEEF
window.inactive.border.color: #EFEEEF
window.active.title.separator.color: #EFEEEF
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #EFEEEF
window.active.client.color: #20262c
window.inactive.client.color: #262d3c
window.active.label.text.color: #9baec8
window.inactive.label.text.color: #777777
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #2f3438
window.active.label.bg: flat solid
window.active.label.bg.color: #2f3438
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #2f3438
window.inactive.label.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.label.bg.color: #2f3438
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.unpressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.pressed.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.toggled.hover.bg: parentrelative
window.label.text.justify: left

## BUTTONS
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #9A78CB
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #736060
window.active.button.toggled.image.color: #93e5cc
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #9A78CB
window.inactive.button.hover.image.color: #d5d9e0
window.inactive.button.toggled.image.color: #9A78CB

window.active.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #87d2ff
window.active.button.max.unpressed.image.color:#C574DD
window.active.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #ffa2b1
window.active.button.shade.unpressed.image.color:#87d2ff
window.active.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #C792EA

window.active.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #87d2ff
window.active.button.max.pressed.image.color: #C574DD
window.active.button.close.pressed.image.color: #ffa2b1
window.active.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #87d2ff
window.active.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #C792EA

window.inactive.button.iconify.unpressed.image.color: #777777
window.inactive.button.max.unpressed.image.color: #777777
window.inactive.button.close.unpressed.image.color: #777777
window.inactive.button.shade.unpressed.image.color: #777777
window.inactive.button.desk.unpressed.image.color: #777777

window.inactive.button.iconify.pressed.image.color: #70BBCB
window.inactive.button.max.pressed.image.color: #C574DD
window.inactive.button.close.pressed.image.color: #ffa2b1
window.inactive.button.shade.pressed.image.color: #87d2ff
window.inactive.button.desk.pressed.image.color: #C792EA
